Thomasgauvin housekeeping (#25308)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers-vpc/get-started.mdx

		const targetUrl = new URL(`http://<ENTER_SERVICE_HOST>:<ENTER_SERVICE_PORT>${url.pathname}${url.search}`);

		// Create new request with the target URL but preserve all other properties
		const proxyRequest = new Request(targetUrl, {
			method: request.method,
			headers: request.headers,
			body: request.body,
		});

		const response = await env.VPC_SERVICE.fetch(proxyRequest);

		return response;
	},
} satisfies ExportedHandler<Env>;

```

## 6. Test locally

Test your Worker locally. You must use remote VPC Services, using either [Workers remote bindings](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) as was configured in your `wrangler.jsonc` configuration file, or using `npx wrangler dev --remote`:

```sh
npx wrangler dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:8787` to test your Worker's connection to your private network.

## 7. Deploy your Worker

Once testing is complete, deploy your Worker:

```sh
npx wrangler deploy
```

Your Worker is now deployed and can access your private network resources securely through the Cloudflare Tunnel.

## Next steps

- Explore [configuration options](/workers-vpc/configuration/) for advanced setups

> - Set up [high availability tunnels](/workers-vpc/configuration/tunnel/availability/) for production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up [high availability tunnels](/workers-vpc/configuration/tunnel/hardware-requirements/) for production
```

> - Refer to [platform-specific guides](/workers-vpc/configuration/tunnel/recommended-setups/) for AWS, Azure, GCP, and Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to [platform-specific guides](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/deployment-guides/) for AWS, Azure, GCP, and Kubernetes
```
